Offboard, redundant links, and prettier fixes (#527)
mavlink/mavlink-devguide: en/guide/redundancy_deduplication.md

> # Redundancy and Message/Command De-duplication

Author: @peterbarker This is new section on redundant links - reasonable/sufficient?

A MAVLink network may include redundant links.
For example, a vehicle might have two telemetry radios for connecting to a ground station, or a telemetry radio for near-communication and a satellite connection for long range communication.

> In these cases, the same message or command may reach the reciever by two paths.

Author: ```suggestion
In these cases, the same message or command may reach the receiver by several paths.
```
